Game overview:
   The game consists of a set of game turns. Each turn consists of three phases:
      1) The buying phase, where each player is allowed to buy equipment with the money the
         player has in the bank (see price list below).
      2) The bidding phase, where each player "bids" on which of the current trips he/she can do.
         a) First a set of trips is generated.
         b) Then players are allowed to bid on which trips the player wants to do (this can be done as a public or private bidding).
            Note that players need to have the bank balance to pay for collateral for all trips he/she wins.
            i) This part should take 10 minutes where players can negotiate f.x. the renting of tracks and such.
         c) A winner is found for each trip starting with the top listed one and moving down the list.
            Note this may bind a players money so they cannot undertake other trips this round,
            so maybe it is not always the best idea to take the first trip one is offered,
            as there might be better trips down the list.
            Also accepting a trip binds a locomotive and a set of wagons. 
            The player thus needs to own one locomotive for each trip they wish to undertake
            each game turn.
            Also the player needs access to tracks for each trip the want to undertake.
            This needs to be their own track, or a piece of track they have rented from another player.
            A piece of track can be used for any number of trips each game turn,
            which means that a player can use his own track for completing trips even if he also rented it out to another player.
            i)  For deciding the winner of a trip, number of wagons is most important, then number of turns.
      3) The trip phase, where all players undertakes the trips he/she won in the bidding phase.
         a) First players run all their trips.
         b) Then players get paid by the bank for any succesful trips and pays the bank for any failed trips.

Train:
   A train is a locomotive with any number of wagons attached.

Trips:
   Train trips are done by rolling a D6 each trip turn and moving ones train a number of track spaces (10cm track)
   equal to the number rolled. If the trip is completed within the number of turns that was promised
   the trip is a success, else it is a failure.

Money:
   Each players starts with $2000-$3000 in the bank. This money is used for buying trains
   and tracks from the bank, renting tracks from other players, 
   and as collateral for failed trips.

   Money is earned by completing trips, and selling owned equipment.
   Equipment can be sold to other players for whatever price can be negotiated,
   or to the bank for half the purchase price.

   Each player is allowed a credit of up to -$1000 when bidding for trips.
   No credit is allowed for buying, so if a player is in minus no purchases
   can be made.

   Price list:
      Locomotive  $500
      Wagon       $100

      10cm tracks $100

Ending the game:
   The game ends either after a set amount of rounds or a set amount of time (or when you just don't want to play anymore).
   When the game ends the player with the most money wins!
   The money a has player has is equal to whatever he/she has in the bank,
   adding the value he/she would get for selling all his/her current equipment to the bank (half price).
